Docs appendix commands (#1365)
neo4j/neo4j-browser: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/reference-commands.adoc

[appendix]
[[reference-commands]]
= Command reference

The editor in Neo4j Browser understands a few client-side commands, which begin with a `:` (colon).

[[command-list]]
== Commands

//neo4j-browser/src/browser/modules/Stream/Stream.tsx

//Frames:

//ErrorFrame
//CypherFrame
//CypherScriptFrame
//UserList
//UserAdd
//ChangePasswordFrame - :server change-password
//PreFrame
//PlayFrame - :play
//HistoryFrame - :history
//ParamsFrame - :params
//ConnectionFrame - :server connect
//DisconnectFrame - :server disconnect
//SchemaFrame - :schema
//HelpFrame - :help
//QueriesFrame - :queries
//SysInfoFrame - :sysinfo
//ServerStatusFrame - :server status
//ServerSwitchFrame - :server switch ???
//UseDbFrame - :use <databaseName>
//DbsFrame - :dbs
//StyleFrame - :style
//EditFrame - :edit
//DefaultFrame
//SnakeFrame - Easter egg

//const trans = {
//  'cypher-script': CypherScriptFrame,
//  'user-list': UserList,
//  'user-add': UserAdd,
//  'switch-success': ServerSwitchFrame,
//  'switch-fail': ServerSwitchFrame,
//}

.List of commands
[options="header",cols="3,7"]
|===
| Command | Description

m| +:auto <Cypher query>+
a|

> Send the Cypher query, in an auto commit transaction. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Send the Cypher query in an auto-commit transaction. +
```

> In general this is not recommended, because of the lack of support for retrying the Cypher query on errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In general, this is not recommended because of the lack of support for retrying the Cypher query on errors.
```

m| :clear
a| Remove all frames from the stream.

m| :config
a| Show the configuration settings. 

m| +:config <key-value>+
a|
Set one configuration setting. +
The key-value can be specified as `"x": 1`, `'x': 1`, or `x: 1`.

m| +:config {}+
a| Reset the configuration settings to the default configuration.

m| +:config {<key-value pairs>}+
a|
Reset the configuration settings to default and then set the key-value pairs. +
The key-value pairs can be specified as `+{"x": 1, "y": 2}+`, `+{'x': 1, 'y': 2}+`, or `+{x: 1, y: 2}+`.

m| :dbs
a| Show databases available for the current user.

m| +:delete <request>+
a| REST command, send a HTTP DELETE request.

m| :edit
a| Create an edit frame.

m| +:get <request>+
a| REST command, send a HTTP GET request.

m| :help
a| Display help about topics and commands.

m| +:head <request>+

> a| REST command, send a HTTP request with specified header.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a| REST command, send an HTTP request with the specified header.
```

m| :history
a| Display Neo4j Browser history of your executed commands.

m| :history clear
a| Remove all commands from Neo4j Browser history.

m| +:put <request>+
a| REST command, send a HTTP PUT request.

m| :play
a| Play tutorials and guides.

m| +:post <request>+
a| REST command, send a HTTP POST request.

m| +:param <key-value>+
a|
Set one parameter. +
The key-value can be specified as `+"x" => 1+` or `+x => 1+`.

m| :params
a| Show all parameters.

m| +:params {}+
a| Remove all parameters.

m| +:params {<key-value pairs>}+
a|
Remove all parameters and then set the parameters to the specified key-value pairs. +
The key-value pairs can be specified as `+{"x": 1, "y": 2}+`, `+{'x': 1, 'y': 2}+`, or `+{x: 1, y: 2}+`.

[NOTE]
====
Integers will be set as floats in this form.
====

m| :queries
a| List your servers and clusters that are running queries.

m| :style
a| Show the current style configuration.

m| +:style <CSS>+
a|
Modify the visual aspects of your graph. +

> CSS classes will be overwritten with the new styling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CSS classes are overwritten with the new styling.
```

m| :style reset
a| Reset the style to the default styling.

m| :server change-password
a| Change password.

m| :server connect
a| Manage a connection to Neo4j.

m| :server disconnect

> a| Disconnect the current open connection to Neo4j.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a| Disconnect the currently open connection to Neo4j.
```

m| :server status

> a| Show metadata for the current open connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a| Show metadata for the currently open connection.
```

m| :schema
a| Show information about database schema indexes and constraints.

m| :sysinfo
a| Show information about _Store Size_, _Id Allocation_, _Page Cache_, _Transactions_, and _Databases_.

m| +:use <database>+
a|

> Set the database, to query to by default (the default database is set to `neo4j`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set the database to query by default (the default database is set to `neo4j`).
```

[NOTE]
====
You can also use Cypher, `+USE <database> ...+`, to specify a database.
====

//m| :snake
//a| Play snake. Easter egg.

|===

[[configuration-commands]]
== Configuration commands

> To set a new value for a Neo4j Browser configuration use the syntax:

Reviewer: We have all this in the Visual Tour section.

[source, shell, role=noheader]
----
:config "<configurationName>": <configurationValue>`
----

.Set the `maxHistory` to `20`.
====
[source, shell, role=noplay]
----
:config "maxHistory": 20
----
====

> .Show the configuration settings.

Reviewer: I've moved this together with example output to my PR, so you can remove the whole section Configuration commands from here.

  "theme": "auto",
  "initCmd": ":play start",
  "playImplicitInitCommands": true,
  "initialNodeDisplay": 300,
  "maxNeighbours": 100,
  "showSampleScripts": true,
  "browserSyncDebugServer": null,
  "maxRows": 1000,
  "maxFieldItems": 500,
  "shouldReportUdc": true,
  "autoComplete": true,
  "scrollToTop": true,
  "maxFrames": 30,
  "codeFontLigatures": true,
  "useBoltRouting": false,
  "editorLint": false,
  "useCypherThread": true,
  "enableMultiStatementMode": true,
  "connectionTimeout": 30000,
  "showPerformanceOverlay": false
}
----
====

[[help-commands]]
== Help commands

List of help commands available.

* `:help bolt`
* `:help bolt-encryption`
* `:help bolt-routing`
* `:help clear`
* `:help commands`
* `:help contains`
* `:help create`
* `:help create-index-on`
* `:help create-unique`
* `:help cypher`
* `:help delete`
* `:help detach-delete`
* `:help ends-with`
* `:help explain`
* `:help foreach`
* `:help history`
* `:help history clear`
* `:help keys`
* `:help load csv`
* `:help match`
* `:help merge`
* `:help param`
* `:help params`
* `:help play`
* `:help profile`
* `:help queries`
* `:help rest`
* `:help rest-delete'`
* `:help rest-get`
* `:help rest-post`

> * `:help rest-put'`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `:help rest-put`
```
